Update and improve README (#19903)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-query/README.md

    print(df)
```

#### Single query on multiple workspaces.

> `additional_workspaces` param can be used to pass a list of workspaces that are included in the query when querying a single query over multiple workspaces. These can be qualified workspace names, workspsce Ids or Azure resource Ids.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
`additional_workspaces` param can be used to pass a list of workspaces that are included in the query when querying a single query over multiple workspaces. These can be qualified workspace names, workspace IDs or Azure resource IDs.
```

Note that a primary `workspace_id` must still be provided when querying additional workspaces like in the snippet below.

```Python
 client.query(

>     os.environ['LOG_WORKSPACE_ID'],

Author: ```suggestion
    <primary_workspace_id>,
```

            print(metric_value.time_stamp)
```

### Handling the response for metrics

> The metrics query API returns a `MetricsResult` object. This object has a list of `Metric` type along with other params like `interval`, `namespace` and `timespan`.

Reviewer: also not sure about the context, but when you say the object `has` a list of objects + params, it seems a little unclear. By has, do you mean the `MetricsResult` object has those properties/attributes (instead of params)? So something more like the following?:
```suggestion
The metrics query API returns a `MetricsResult` object. This `MetricsResult` object has multiple properties, including: a list of `Metric` type objects, `interval`, `namespace`, and `timespan`.
```

> This cab ne fetched using the `metrics` param.

Author: we do have a sample below that shows how it is done - i was talking about `MetricsResult` on the previous line - so i think it can be connected

> Each of the item in this list is a `Metric` object that contains a list of `TimeSeriesElement`. Each of the timeseries elements contain `data` and `metadata_values` params.

Reviewer: nit - for readability + consistency, maybe something like this?
```suggestion
Each of the item in this list is a `Metric` object that contains a list of `TimeSeriesElement` objects. Each `TimeSeriesElement` contains `data` and `metadata_values` params.
```

Also, not sure about the context here, but did you mean to use the word `params` or is it moreso `properties`/`attributes`?

> Each of the item in this list is a `Metric` object that contains a list of `TimeSeriesElement` objects. Each `TimeSeriesElement` contains `data` and `metadata_values` params.

Reviewer: minor nit:
```suggestion
Each of the items in this list is a `Metric` object that contains a list of `TimeSeriesElement` objects. Each `TimeSeriesElement` contains `data` and `metadata_values` properties.
```
